# Chain Halt

Chain halted at approximately ~4:30 AM PST while processing block 2578098. The network is still in voting rounds currently.

- [x] Human Readable list of transactions in 2578097
- [x] List of all contracts called in 2578097
- [ ] Human Readable list of transactions in 2578098
- [ ] List of all contracts called in 2578098

### UPDATE 9 AM PST 6 April 2022

Root cause has been identified. Two paths are being explored. One path is to restart network with current data folders on top of a new version. The other path is an export and height increment and restart network with same chain-id. The below list is for restarting from export.

#### Tasks 
- [ ] Verify that 3 exports from block 97 only differ by the hash generated by the malicous contract (@faddat and team)
- [ ] Verify state changes between v2.1.0 and v3.0.0 (nee v2.3.2) and make list that would need to happen to genesis file (@faddat and team)
- [ ] Write a `junod migrate` command that takes the JSON from the export and makes modifications to it according to list of changes needed (@faddat and team, but likely need more hands and eyes on this work)
    * [ ] Increment `.initial_height` in the export to be 99
    * [ ] Remove lupercalia upgrade proposal and votes from state
    * [ ] additional TBD modifications
- [ ] Validate [genesis.json](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hUJlHkTeC44fOYP1YuLsZkz8WT4mmhFQ/view?usp=sharing) (assembled by @gnudrew25 with help of @dimiandre and others) that has these modifications:
    * [x] Increment `.initial_height` in the export to be 99
    * [x] Change lupercalia upgrade proposal to a text proposal, add notes about halt and changes to upgrade.
    * [x] Reset `satoshi-test` contract state to `{"count":0,"owner":"juno1hxkppd7spnvm5s86z2rfze5pndg9wwee8g9x6v","name":""}`
- [x] Test upgrade using ibc test framework to impersonate the top 29 validators (@agouin and @jackzampolin)
    * [x] Make list of their valoper keys 
    * [x] Generate the new validator set
    * [x] Find and replace all instances of one validator's key with the new validator's key
    * [x] start the network and ensure that it runs smoothly (network runs smoothly from block 99 on v2.3.1 and v3.0.0-alpha)
    * [ ] TBD testing to ensure validatity of ugprade
- [ ] Hardfork planning (needs resourcing)
    * [ ] Plan timing of network restart
    * [ ] Notify validators
    * [ ] Write instructions for upgrade
